Re-implement the `put`, `replace`, and `extend` operators as documented (#3089)
tenzir/vast: web/docs/understand/operators/transformations/replace.md

The difference between `replace` and [`extend`](extend.md) is that `replace`
overwrites existing fields, whereas `extend` doesn't touch the input.

### `<extractor=operand>`

> The assignment consists of an `extractor` that describe match existing fields
> and `operand` that defines the new field value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The assignment consists of an `extractor` that matches against existing fields
and an `operand` that defines the new field value.
```
